it's been a month
you're sleeping on our floors you're
wearing clothes made from our grapes
it is high time to reopen the academy
of unseen art i do have an idea
a portal which i will allow you to use
in the forest of torment
la fleur de mal it is the original
flower of evil
praying to the dark lord who wished our
enslavement whom we unseated
this lion settles me i mean why don't we
pray to lilith now
sabrina how
wonderful you know why i'm here
oh you mean young nicholas scratch
hello michelle mel we live
what is it you seek not a what
[Music]
scotland and who do you propose with
rules
taliban will restore stability
and do what lucifer failed to do
conquer the earth i am sabrina
morningstar and that throne
is mine by blood and by birth you
cannot fulfill your father's duties
i can with lilla a king
or queen may be challenged it's true but
a certain number of signatures are to be
got a little crumbled
my aunties may have reopened the academy
but they've never reopened the dungeons
i cast out the devouring worm
meal of the deep one
i thank you for saying
spent 15 years inside a temporal church
of my own creation
purifying myself to wield magics you
couldn't possibly fathom
and we will bear witness to the birth of
the unspeakable
together we can sorry sorry sorry
you okay i'm so sorry i wasn't looking
where i was going yeah robin
don't kill our father please judas
we'll take him and the egg back to
greendale there we will interrogate your
father and then he can pay for his
crimes
i thought the dark lord was bad i
thought he was dangerous i couldn't just
leave nick in hell
all himself
auntie you two know each other
that makes the soul transference a
little easier doesn't it nancy
judy and judas will be your arm
[Music]
and what starve will they it's a living
doll spell caliban
demon prince of hell challenge the
morning star to her seats on the throne
i have gathered 666 signatures
of the highest born of hell legend has
it he who finds and collects the relics
they take his seat on the throne i
accept
heaven is in crisis the warlock dead
coven members stricken with fevers and
weakness
the crown of heroes might be able to
harness its power
restore coven's strength
the islands where zephyrs breathed
sweet and low for we wanted to make it
one hell of a show
hildegard antoinette spellman
will you marry me yeah
i wasn't born theo i really like you
theo
the first round's yours enjoy it
it's the last one you'll win the kinkle
boy
you can smell the innocence on him the
spinster wardwell too
she's a virgin his vestal as well
let the green one be reborn
it is our fault the covent's powers are
waxing and waning he
offended the dark lord in some way and
so he
withdrew his gifts from them a little at
a time and then all at once
are you really so petty you'd render our
entire coffin powerless
vulnerable i'll sneak into the snake
charmer's tent and touch something of
hers
maybe her hairbrush or something well
you've saved me a trip
my family and i we follow many roads so
greendale is just
one of your many stops and you'll be
moving on soon
perhaps
we were here first no we were here first
before the false god before your dark
lord you let me
sacrifice myself for you you weren't
worth it
bow and pray to our gods you have three
days to decide
sisters come to us nick
nick nick can you hear me that i
acquired
in loch ness harbours properties that
[Music]
identical to it start too quickly
quickly
she has returned with one of the most
pernicious of arcane artifacts
i give you the bowl of pontius pilate
lucifer escaped from the academy
nobody knows where he is what
i need space a break
i think you do too so you're doing this
for me
to protect me why did you bring us here
grila pesto
sycorax
mama murray we face a common enemy and
our choice is simple unite
or die
what is it your magnificence the fetish
doll
given to me by adam this gift
is from the dark lord and robin's one of
them
they are planning a slaughter
that i will not be parted came to
greendale
to resurrect the pagan gods starting
with the oldest one
the green a spell a pagan spell will
occur
and then there's nothing that can be
done i've tried everything i've tried
i'm going to
die i think
mary someone's after me someone bad
someone dangerous and i
need you to hide and i've been thinking
about those witches we summoned
ambrose and your stone circle and how
it's time we go on the offensive
reveal thy self-deceiver
[Music]
[Applause]
what turned you into a spider woman
that's why you have to shoot
separation ritual is quite simple
like splitting a yolk from an egg now
that lucifer is asleep we have business
to discuss
and quickly
[Music]
this is for adam
we need help here it is
so i choose in limbo different words for
the same place
you separated me from that buffoon
blackwood
black was gone i gave him the mark of
cain which means no one can hurt him
he gave me your seat what the satanic
miracle of miracles
i am with you i seek an alliance with
you
your enemy is my enemy the church of
night betrayed me and i wish them death
you wouldn't
kill your own son i'm a hobgoblin
cool um what does that mean exactly
i can run we are in the middle of a
quest for the three objects of the
unholy regalia contest must be seen
to the end ambrose has a plan to
re-energize the church of night's
members it's
literally a matter of life and death but
i can't do it without your help
ross thank you so so much
father
she was already dead talkers
but who did this to you child i did come
to ask you judas
where are the 30 pieces of silver you
were paid to betray the nazarene
buried in a crypt with the first vampire
deep beneath the field of blessing now i
want to play with you
this is stoppable
did you get them i did your son nearly
killed me
let me feel their weight
[Music]
your warlock friend had to die
the end of all flags
first day the house of morning star fell
the pagans beat back caliban and his
armies the earth was
theirs she was where caliban had left
her entombed in stone between her father
and lilith
decades in fact she didn't know that
they'd all died long ago
and that in the end the only person who
could save sabrina
was herself
get the regalia save greendale and when
you're done
it'll be your turn sabrina future
[Applause]
can the eggs magics be used to send
someone backwards through time
i have it i have the answer i know how
the coven can regain its power and
defeat the pagan
if she hasn't resurrected on her own
then i'll use what i learned in the next
life to drag her back into this one
[Music]
the witch of disease she's good with
decay
i killed your pathetic plant god
now i think it's time you and your
carnival left greendale
prudence
i won the unholy regalia and the throne
but you're right i do have to go back to
hell that's not judas in the wall it's
caliban and the glamour
and the second you hand him that silver
he'll win everything
i can meet you here in this moment in
time before there's
even a timeline the challenge has been
won
the final item of the unholy regalia is
mine
all across the realms things returned to
their natural
balance dr c
hilda if i'd killed black one in
scotland when i had the chance all this
can happen he could have been avoided
but you wouldn't let me watch you
you gave up the throne at all did you i
wasn't lying
i'm not the queen of hell no not cool
not at all no the ramifications of this
oh horrifying atmosphere but it worked
she's her i mean you're saying there are
two of you so
if you're here then that means she's
behold the queen
starry abyss of night we shall commit
our atrocity haggadah the egg
i am your priest
[Music]
the beginning of the end agatha